VERCEL_ENV_SETUP.md, before:

# Vercel Environment Variables Setup

## Quick Setup Instructions

1. Go to your Vercel project dashboard
2. Click **Settings** → **Environment Variables**
3. Add each variable below (one at a time or bulk import)

## Required Environment Variables

### Supabase (REQUIRED - Authentication & Database)

⚠️ **CRITICAL**: Without these, sign-in will NOT work!

```
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=https://your-project-id.supabase.co
VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_anon_key_here
```

**To find these values:**
1. Go to your Supabase project dashboard: https://app.supabase.com
2. Click **Settings** → **API**
3. Copy the **Project URL** → `VITE_SUPABASE_URL`
4. Copy the **anon/public key** → `VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`

### Firebase (Legacy - for some features)

```
VITE_FIREBASE_API_KEY=AIzaSyCmGxvXX2D11Jo3NZlD0jO1vQpskaG0sCU
VITE_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=seshnx-db.firebaseapp.com
VITE_FIREBASE_DATABASE_URL=https://seshnx-db-default-rtdb.firebaseio.com
VITE_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=seshnx-db
VITE_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=seshnx-db.firebasestorage.app
VITE_FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID=718084970004
VITE_FIREBASE_APP_ID=1:718084970004:web:d68ba48c5eb493af9db901
VITE_FIREBASE_MEASUREMENT_ID=G-7SP53NK9FM
```

## Bulk Import (Easier Method)

1. In Vercel, go to **Settings** → **Environment Variables**
2. Click **"Import"** or **"Add"** button
3. Copy the entire block above
4. Paste and save

## After Adding Variables

1. **Redeploy** your project (or push a new commit)
2. Vercel will use these variables in the build
3. Your app will connect to the new `seshnx-db` Firebase project

## Optional Variables

If you have a Giphy API key for GIF support:
```
VITE_GIPHY_API_KEY=your_giphy_api_key_here
```

## Verification

After deployment, check the browser console:
- ✅ Should see RTDB initialized (if enabled in Firebase)
- ✅ Should see Storage initialized (if enabled in Firebase)
- ❌ No "Service not available" errors if services are enabled

Commit message:

Remove legacy Firebase files and documentation as part of the migration to Supabase
This commit deletes various files related to Firebase, including background images setup, admin app references, animation improvements, and Firestore rules. The removal of these files is a significant step in transitioning the application to use Supabase exclusively for authentication and data management, ensuring a cleaner codebase and improved maintainability.

VERCEL_ENV_SETUP.md, after:

# Vercel Environment Variables Setup

## Quick Setup Instructions

1. Go to your Vercel project dashboard
2. Click **Settings** → **Environment Variables**
3. Add each variable below (one at a time or bulk import)

## Required Environment Variables

### Supabase (REQUIRED - Authentication & Database)

⚠️ **CRITICAL**: Without these, sign-in will NOT work!

```
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=https://your-project-id.supabase.co
VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_anon_key_here
```

**To find these values:**
1. Go to your Supabase project dashboard: https://app.supabase.com
2. Click **Settings** → **API**
3. Copy the **Project URL** → `VITE_SUPABASE_URL`
4. Copy the **anon/public key** → `VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`

## After Adding Variables

1. **Redeploy** your project (or push a new commit)
2. Vercel will use these variables in the build
3. Your app will connect to Supabase for authentication and database

## Optional Variables

If you have a Giphy API key for GIF support:
```
VITE_GIPHY_API_KEY=your_giphy_api_key_here
```

## Verification

After deployment, check the browser console:
- ✅ Should see "Supabase client initialized" message
- ✅ No authentication errors
